1. Write a Pandas program to create and display a one-dimensional array-like object containing an array of data.

2. Write a Pandas program to convert a Panda module Series to Python list and it’s type.

3. Write a Pandas program to add, subtract, multiple and divide two Pandas Series.
   Sample Series: [2, 4, 6, 8, 10], [1, 3, 5, 7, 9]

4. Write a Pandas program to convert a dictionary to a Pandas series.

5. Write a Pandas program to convert a NumPy array to a Pandas series.

6. Write a Pandas program to change the data type of given a column or a Series.

7. Write a Pandas program to convert a given Series to an array.

8. Write a Pandas program to create a dataframe from a dictionary and display it.

9. i) Create a list of empids and names (10 employees).
   ii) Convert list into Series.
   iii) Print type of Series.
   iv) Convert Series into DataFrame.
   v) a) Display all records.
      b) Display first five records.
      c) Display last five records.
      d) Display first two and last two records.
      e) Display name of 5th employee.
      f) Display record of 4th employee.
   vi) Save the record in csv file (MyRecord.csv)

10. i) Read the MyRecord.csv file.
    ii) Create a new column Salary.

11. Refer the dataset "Advertising.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset "Advertising.csv" in data frame.

ii) Print first five records of dataset.

iii) print last five records from dataset.

iv) display the columns inside the dataset.

v) display last three records from dataset.

vi) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

vii) display types of each columns.
 
viii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

ix) drop a column 'radio' from a dataset and display first ten records.

x) increase the sales by 10% and add a new column "updated_sales" in dataframe.

xi) display shape of data.

xii) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.
 
xiii) describe the dataset.

12. Refer the dataset "Salaries.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset in dataframe.

ii) display first five records.

iii) display first ten records.

iv) display last five records.

v) display last ten records.

vi) display the columns inside the dataset.

vii) display shape of data.

viii) describe the dataset.

ix) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

x) display types of each columns.

xi) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.

